What should you do if you can’t finish an assignment before the
deadline?

We can use the self-serve 48-hour late pass and mark the options 
regarding our progress. If this is not enough, we can email the 
professor for an extension with a plan of when and how you will make up 
the work, as well as a progress report.


Is it ever acceptable to view another student’s code? If so, under
what circumstances?

If you are working in a team for synthesis assignments, you are allowed
to view your team's code. Otherwise, it is unacceptable to view any other 
person/team's code work.

Is it acceptable for two individuals to write a full code solution
together on a whiteboard or shared document, then immediately type it
up in their individual assignment submissions?

It is completely unacceptable to write a full code solution together
and then use the exact copy of the solution for their own individual 
assignments.

When is it acceptable for one individual student to offer another
individual student help understanding an error message?

It is acceptable for one student to help another student 
understand an error message so long as they are not sharing code/
viewing each other's coded solutions.


Give an example of when it is not acceptable to discuss high-level
strategies for part of an assignment with another student.

It is not acceptable to discuss high-level strategies on any
part of an assignment that is meant to be independent/individual work.

Why should you run CS 240 code on the CS Linux environment (remotely
through VS Code/SSH from your computer or directly in the SCI L037 CS
Systems Lab) instead of installing a C compiler and working with code
directly on your own computer?

Running CS 240 code on the CS Linux environment makes it easier for
us to avoid running into errors from incompatibilities in different
opperating systems and the low-level details of the languages we are
studying (C, Assembly language, etc.).

What is one good next step if compiling or running your code raises an
error you do not understand?

Checking the CS 240 documentation is probably the ideal first step. If
you still need help, visiting either the 0xCAFE or the OxFOrum would be 
a good next step. 